Israeli forces have again been targeting
several areas across Gaza killing at
least 21 Palestinians since Dawn the
house in Alat refugee camp in the center
of the strip was flattened during a raid
which killed 10 people there the Israeli
military has also shelled areas in and
around of Rafa in the South and bee
hanon in the north and there was also an
Israeli air strike on a bakery which
killed at least six Palestinians two of
the victims were children the attack
happened in a camp for displaced
Palestinians west of Han yunes and a
witness says that an Israeli strike on
shik radwan neighborhood in Gaza City
Felt Like An Earthquake the early
morning attack happened when people were
asleep we were sitting at home and was
surprised by a missile that fell on the
area it fed Like An Earthquake the
people here are trying to live and have
nothing to do with anything children
young men and women were sitting in
their homes they were all
mared Al tar kazum joins us now live
from Daryl Bala that's inside the Gaza
Strip the central part of the strip uh
TK tell us the the the headlines of the
day for you where you
are well I'm right now in darl Bella
where we are surrounded by a clear
staggering escalation by the Israeli
military specifically on the central
area in the past couple of hours where
the Israeli fighter jets has have hit a
very densely populated Residential
Building in anarat refugee camp at least
three Palestinians have been confirmed
killed while 14 others were wed and they
were transferred both to Al AA and to
alaka hospital to get medical treatment
as we continue to hear from medical
sources seral that the uh the death tool
for the past 24 hours has uh surpassed
20 Palestinians being killed while 76
others were warned in light of the clear
escalation and raming up of military
operations in the central areas and also
in a zun neighborhood where a Witnesses
confirmed that the Israeli military qu
coped drones alongside with artillery
units continue to hit residential areas
and to Flat Inc complete residential
squares that are too close to zarine
Corridor TK how are Palestinians in Gaza
reacting to the Israeli military's
continued presence in both the
Philadelphia and nerim corridors the
South and the center of the
strip we clearly understand as
Palestinians that the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin nahu has vowed that
Israel will retain military control over
P Corridor in itan Philadelphia Corridor
and said earlier that under any
circumstances Israel will not withraw
from narim and from Philadelphia
Corridor and which right now are two
main sticking points in terms to get a
SE fire deal between Hamas and Israel
and that in turn had triggered a great
wave of skepticism among Palestinians
about the possibility of them to move
freely between Gaza provinces alongside
with the possibility to leave this
threatful educational and medical
purposes and Palestinians here as we've
been hearing from them they reject the
Israeli presence inside Gaza which will
have a very devastating consequences in
terms of the flow evade medical
delegations alongside with the necessity
of rehabilitating the r fragile medical
uh sector in Gaza which requires a very
immediate intervention by humanitarian
International organizations but with the
Israeli control over two main borders at
Raf hand K abam Crossing Borders the
situation is getting much more di right
now on the grounds here T Abu reporting
from Daryl Bala thank you very
much make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz